Updated TiDB-Binlog tutorial (#1143)
pingcap/docs: dev/how-to/get-started/tidb-binlog.md

You can use TiDB-Binlog for incremental backups, to replicate data from one TiDB cluster to another, or to send TiDB updates through Kafka to a downstream platform of your choice.

> TiDB-Binlog is particularly useful when migrating from MySQL or MariaDB to TiDB, in which case you may using the TiDB DM (Data Migration) platform to get data from a MySQL/MariaDB cluster into TiDB, and then using TiDB-Binlog to keep a separate, downstream MySQL/MariaDB instance/cluster in sync with your TiDB cluster. TiDB-Binlog enables application traffic to TiDB to be pushed to a downstream MySQL or MariaDB instance/cluster, which reduces the risk of a migration to TiDB because you can easily revert the application to MySQL or MariaDB without downtime or data loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB-Binlog is particularly useful when you migrate data from MySQL or MariaDB to TiDB, in which case you may use the TiDB DM (Data Migration) platform to get data from a MySQL/MariaDB cluster into TiDB, and then use TiDB-Binlog to keep a separate, downstream MySQL/MariaDB instance/cluster in sync with your TiDB cluster. TiDB-Binlog enables application traffic to TiDB to be pushed to a downstream MySQL or MariaDB instance/cluster, which reduces the risk of a migration to TiDB because you can easily revert the application to MySQL or MariaDB without downtime or data loss.
```
